that's also a nice transition for the
next topic it is viral cross champion
pool mark Zimmerman go alrighty so
yesterday I was doing glt again and I
was kind of on TSM just draught
problems a little bit and one of the
things I said was I think bio frost has
the worst champion support pool of all
the playoff teams and I said I would
rather have not necessarily in terms of
just play but in terms of pool I would
rather have hakuto Olay afro Adrien or
use a focus of 15 I forgot somebody
anyways one of the other guys and I was
saying that like he has a Thresh in Brom
did you say awesome no Cena yeah
smoothie smoothie Thank You Jeremy so so
bio frost has a thresh and bran which
are very good and strong in the meta but
after that he doesn't really seem to
play any champions and has resorted to
karma lulu and even nami most recently
which looked useless he did secure a
kill with that bouncing Evan flow yeah
well that was nice and all but for the
most part it looked pretty useless and
when you look ampion pools people are
playing they have they have blitzcrank's
their Morgana's they have bards they
have even Janna is more impactful at
this point than a lot of those and I'm
just concerned that like because people
freaked out when I said I thought a
champ will sucked so I don't know if you
guys feel so in before we get you before
we get to the responses I'm going to let
twitch chat freak out first
mark Ryu proxies smoothy's unique
champions during summer split 9 bio
frost unique champion split during
summer split 9 bio Frost poems played
during summer split tom thresh braum
lulu karma smoothies thresh lilly Brom
or con bard
yeah I don't know if you guys noticed
that those last three were pretty
different I think the thing for for
statistics like that is that meaning
champions play doesn't necessarily tell
you how well it went or if they're
playing on on what patch
yeah like when's the last time you saw a
smoothie picking that stuff frequently
wears like bio frost latest series where
he exclusively played Lulu Karma
Nami alright sorry Emily and Kelsey how
would you respond to Mark's accusations
I guess poor young Vincent only what a
bowl up I I don't even know if it's a
champion pool thing as much as bio frost
how it's been kind of slow to learn
stuff I think that he hasn't really
adapted to just generally the vision
control meta in the lower river as well
like roaming with the jungle as much to
middling I think it was weird cuz TSM
are kind of good at it last year before
worlds but it's been a flaw of theirs
since double after torrent I think so
no it's it's for me there are a lot of
questions around fire fast other than
who's champion pool a lot of the
supports you'd mentioned I just want
generally regardless of champions will
over PI across trainer so I think that
there and I'm not blaming fire frost by
himself obviously I think it's obviously
teen stuff and things like that affect
like how a player performs or how the
put how the team is playing around the
support jungle setup and stuff like that
right so you want shatter like he can
play bard and look I know he can play
bar but they're not picking it so when I
say like those are the problems I'm not
saying he can't solve them it's just
like right now they don't play bard I
was going to say for me it's more of a
weird team issue that they don't and
like I don't know if this is because he
came up kind of like when he first came
in he was very obviously like shadowing
SS and they really focused on having
strong laning together um so I think
that's maybe what is causing some of
these issues in terms of what they're
drafting for him because we've seen this
or I've seen this and I'm going to
compare it not to where people might
think is the more apt comparison with
wolf because I feel like wolf has a huge
body of work that you can look at right
so I don't
think that comparison works at all
because we've had similar criticisms in
previous weeks when talking about wolf
support for rate because SKT was taking
him Lulu Zyra liked it and it just was
not looking good
um so I think what I do want to who I do
want to kind of draw a comparison with
bio frost is with cord JJ on samsung
galaxy where I think that they focus so
much on having him be Lane dominant
support right from the get-go when he
came in the double lift and now I think
what I'm seeing is more of a problem
transitioning to that roaming like
tankier style outside of Bromwich
obviously he's played before and again
like I always want to reiterate in terms
of like specific champion pools for
specific players especially when you
don't have as large of a body of work
again going back to the wolf thing with
bio frost specifically I think it's
probably more that they are not having a
lot of success in scrims with him
detached and grooming but that would be
like my presumption obviously I don't
know but when I look at a situation like
this that's kind of where my mind goes
first
like they're not they'd rather have him
in lane because that's where they're
having more success like they're having
more success with them on new support do
I think it's necessarily good sign
hesitancy playoff not really especially
in the enve series I did not think TSM
looks good that was kind of a
frustrating theory to watch generally
that was my Rico that series another
thing I thought about was don't was
would you rather be CLG losing to p1
where you're just clearly playing really
bad and it's like okay they had an off
day and just did some dumb stuff or
would you rather be TSM who were
actually like not playing terrible and
legitimately struggling versus envy
because they they were like moving
around the map better and getting
objectives and had like gold leads
despite always being down kills I don't
know which one it looks worse on there's
also weird because you
like there were just openings really
really obvious openings like I think
it's a second game where MB had super
strong pocket roll and super strong blue
buff control and they never dislike
dough thought yeah you know how to yeah
I mean yeah that was the frustrating
thing for me is that like so if you're
talking about what I rather have the CEO
I feel like oddly enough clg's loss is
in some ways less demoralizing than the
TSM win because I feel like you look at
like if I'm TSM and I'm looking at that
I'm like wow we are supposed to be a lot
better than this already in terms of
leaving those openings up and then if
I'm envied I'm like why didn't you take
advantage of this Ryu procs your
arch-nemesis now mark would you rather
be CLG and go 0-2 or BTS of a go to one
kappa good one mark scene I mean this is
dream like I need to win and like I'm
going to be in playoffs and my drafts
are bad and where he gave up there and
the other me team just didn't do
anything I was like oh wow we went for
Dom envy level one against the Brahm you
got for like maybe maybe we just
shouldn't do that next time I just love
giving voice to this know it helps me
get angry I don't know but it's only
thing kept doing that - like this /
fishs but what yeah I don't even know
where I am was a serious
Nidalee - so they had like wrong and I'm
this doing you're losing your Kelsie
where did everybody get quite all of a
sudden no I just
okay TOEFL okay
I don't know what happened either way we
have swag that way okay so wrapping up
on the bio frost champion pool mark is
concerned
Emily less concerned Kelsie a pathetic
that seems like that's where everybody
falls I'm just concerned about TSM
yeah I was going to say I might care
about me and I want them to succeed okay